add component for filtering metadata (#3)
ml6team/fondant-cc-demo: examples/pipelines/starcoder/components/load_from_hub_stack/README.md

> ## Load from hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Load code dataset from hub
```

> This component loads the "stack" dataset from a remote location on the huggingface hub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component loads a code dataset from a remote location on the Hugging Face hub. 
```
